0:29 - Glenn Renfro
Hello, everyone.

0:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Glenn.

0:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:32 - Unidentified Speaker
How goes it this fine day?

0:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:37 - Neha Sardana
I'm crashing the party, by the way.

0:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Why can't I start the video?

0:45 - Catalin Tudose
Because it is disabled by the host.

0:49 - Catalin Tudose
Oh, it's disabled by a host?

0:55 - Glenn Renfro
Yeah, I'd say so.

0:59 - Glenn Renfro
Oh, my gosh. How it that? Hold on.

1:06 - Unidentified Speaker
No, that was not intentional.

1:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Let's see.

1:14 - Unidentified Speaker
There we go.

1:17 - Glenn Renfro
Let's try that. Start video. How about now?

1:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Maybe.

1:31 - Glenn Renfro
Yep, there we go.

1:34 - Glenn Renfro
I've never had to do that before.

1:41 - Glenn Renfro
Okay, hello everyone.

1:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, hello everyone.

1:46 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:52 - Glenn Renfro
Presentation here. Waiting for the team to join as well. Yep, I'm here. Oh, hello. Well, I got a couple of slides for you then. Let me share.

2:09 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

2:10 - Glenn Renfro
You won't be talking over these.

2:14 - Glenn Renfro
All right, here.

2:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Share the world.

2:17 - Glenn Renfro
Back up. The slide on the Discord.

2:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

2:22 - Glenn Renfro
And let me zoom out that again. So we have that. And the only question, oh, and with the Fuji changes or updates that you had for, and this is primarily from the education group.

2:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

2:37 - Glenn Renfro
And so those are the ones that you're going to probably talk to. And there was one, I did have a question. Out see that write it down yes it didn't okay all right well see we'll give everybody the extra two minutes professor late professor professor is late Yeah, we have Professor Lateness. They're always allowed. The thing I wanted to check with you.

3:22 - prpatel
Who's Captain Weber?

3:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Anybody know?

3:25 - prpatel
Is that you, Ken? Captain Weber? No.

3:29 - Unidentified Speaker
No? OK. You want to paste the Discord server link into the chat?

3:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, absolutely.

3:36 - prpatel
I sent that out over the mail list, Ken, just in case it gets lost in the shuffle here.

3:45 - Kenneth Kousen
I usually just see things from you and I delete them automatically.

3:49 - prpatel
I'm surprised you don't have a rule set up that automatically puts them in the bin.

3:54 - Kenneth Kousen
That must be it.

3:56 - prpatel
Yeah, you're right.

3:57 - prpatel
Sorry. Well, Ken, you must be familiar with Discord. All your kids at your university use it, right?

4:03 - Kenneth Kousen
Surprisingly not. I mean, I would have thought more were interested, but they're really not that as much.

4:10 - Kenneth Kousen
I was surprised by that.

4:13 - prpatel
What do the kids use nowadays?

4:17 - Kenneth Kousen
I need to be enlightened, apparently.

4:21 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean, other than TikTok, I'm not sure.

4:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh.

4:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Let's see.

4:28 - Glenn Renfro
I'll add the Discord link to the chat.

4:33 - Kenneth Kousen
Yeah, thank you.

4:36 - prpatel
And for those who don't know, if you use like a, uh, nondescript discord handle, you can change it on a per server basis.

4:45 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

4:45 - Mary Grygleski
And local discord for some reason, I'm not able to join. It says I'm able to join, but we can talk about this later. Yeah.

4:54 - prpatel
Eric, Andrea had the same problem and then I don't know what he did, but he clicked on it again and it just worked. Maybe try logging into discord. First and then clicking the link.

5:07 - Neha Sardana
OK. OK.

5:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you. No problem.

5:10 - Kenneth Kousen
I was able to get in without a problem for what it's worth.

5:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Always has to be the rebel.

5:18 - Mary Grygleski
I was going to say, particularly need a fancier logo for that discord.

5:23 - prpatel
I was I was thinking of ripping off what Glenn has put on has on the screen right now. So just rip it off with the That would be kind of neat. Here we go.

5:41 - prpatel
I'd screenshot it, and I will upload it.

5:44 - Unidentified Speaker
That was great.

5:45 - prpatel
And it was generated using AI. Of course it was.

5:49 - Glenn Renfro
All right.

5:50 - prpatel
Well, I'll go ahead and kick us off.

5:53 - Glenn Renfro
So basically what we're going to do now is we're really going ahead and start talking about the resources that are available to us. And also using this as impetus to start off focus groups or the subgroups that we had brought up before, and kind of talk about what it, what, how, you know, the first round of structuring forum, or for them, the goal being to, you know, let's get started. The first thing that we did, we did was a charter is complete. I, you know, there's no was I said it is like Monday at midnight to say you know, Eastern Standard Times said, okay, this is, you know, we're closing it off now. But, you know, a couple of people said, can I read it and add in my point, you know, pluses? I said, absolutely. You know, you know, I want everybody to have a chance to review it. So far, I have no negative votes. So I'm saying the charter is complete. And I removed the draft off the document. And I'm leaving the notes there. If we ever have to come back to revisit it, we certainly can. Prateek, Discord. Yes, not much to say here really.

7:03 - prpatel
We have the Discord server set up. For those of you wondering why we didn't just use Slack, the reason for that is that you have to pay for Slack to keep history, whereas with Discord you do not. So that was the driving factor. I assume everyone has access to Discord. I'm not super familiar with Discord, but I know there's like all sorts of bots and other things that you can hook into to it, similar to Slack. So if you guys have any plugins that you would like to put into the Discord, then please let me know, and I'm happy to do that. And if you are more familiar with Discord than I am, then maybe you can tell me how to add a couple more folks as an admin in case I get hit by a bus, and maybe Glenn or Frank or somebody can at least be an admin and do stuff. But I haven't quite figured that out yet. But yeah, that's a couple of things. I'm thinking of adding some kind of AI bot into it just for giggles and for a little bit of fun. But I'll let you know if I do that. And obviously, we can converse in the Discord about a Discord AI bot kind of thing. And more importantly, there are three channels already created, as seen on the slide. The Java LLM training material. I believe this is, I don't know if, I don't see Emily Zhang on here, but Daniel Oh is here. I think the Read.AI and IBM people were going to spearhead a effort to create a model specifically for code assist and code generation for Java. So I'm super excited that they're going to take that project on. And I would like to at least be you're flying the wall because I'd like to learn me some instruct lab along the way too. So, but yeah, I think that's what the Java LLM training materials channel is for. The other two are self-explanatory.

9:08 - Glenn Renfro
So, okay. Okay. All right, Fujii.

9:10 - prpatel
All right, so we have a landing page for Fujii up. Jiacheng who is the lead for Fujii is working on building out a structure. I gave him some basic direction on kind of what we wanted. We wanted like a news feed, a social media slash LinkedIn feed, and the ability to post stuff on there. And let me give you one additional thing really quickly right now, Glenn, before I forget. The way to become a contributor onto Fuji, it's super easy process. We do do some editing. Editing of it. It's more curation than editing, I think. So so you're trying to go through and read every article and does, you know, basically like a sandy check. And if any suggestions need to be made, I'm sending that link to you in the chat right now. So I would if you're not already a Fuji author, you can go and click that link and it has the step by step, which will not take you very long. There are two things there. There's also a Fuji community Slack, where once you've written an article, you basically go into the Slack and let your child know that you have an article ready to go. Now, the other thing around this that you may want to put on this slide, Glenn.

10:39 - Glenn Renfro
Did you send that link out?

10:41 - prpatel
I put it in the chat here, yeah. Oh, hold on. It went to reading AI notes, sorry.

10:47 - Glenn Renfro
I don't know why it defaults to that, but there you go.

10:52 - prpatel
Now everyone can see it. Now, one of the questions that came up when I was discussing this with the Fuji team was, well, what about, well, I brought this up, which is if you have any external links or articles that you want to include in the page, Obviously, this is still a work in progress. So any thoughts, suggestions, or improvements that you have are welcome. But basically, it will look like similar to the front page of Fuji, which will have like a little news feed. It'll have like recent articles and some other stuff around it, and also external links. So for example, Frank, if you'd like to include your LinkedIn course as part of that, you're welcome to. Say, you know, here's a free LinkedIn course until July 15th. And, you know, if you want to write an article on that, that's great. If not, we could probably get someone from the community or even your child and put in like a little stub article that says, Hey, if you're interested in a free Java AI course, here's something available for free until this time, blah, blah, blah. And he'll just pack together a nice article for you. A very small article, but nonetheless, he can do that for you also. Okay. So, so for the other folks on the call, for example, like Daniel and Mary, who also have content in external places, you are more than welcome to submit those as a link or create a stub article where you say, here's a nice resource, for example, on Instruct Lab or Instruct Lab 3.141 is out now. Here's a link to it, and you can create a little stub article and then link to it. We're happy to carry all sorts of stuff. This is not necessarily something that is very specific to Fuji, Fuji is just a kind of portal or a gathering place for this kind of content. So, okay. I think I covered everything, unless there's any questions from the members here.

12:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, cool.

12:54 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

12:55 - prpatel
So next to the group.

12:57 - Glenn Renfro
So one of the things items on the charter is that we were going to set up a series of meetings like on a regular basis for just all groups, not just for the subgroup, so that each subgroup can report up what they've been working on. Also kind of, you know, see if there's other groups that need, subgroups that need to be formed, any amendments or whatever along that lines. I was thinking quarterly is something that we could do versus monthly, but if everybody's good with quarterly, I could go ahead and set up a, just a quarterly meeting, like we'll call this one the first one. And then after that, we can go ahead.

13:37 - prpatel
This is for the subgroups, right?

13:39 - Glenn Renfro
This is for the main group, right? Oh, main group.

13:42 - prpatel
OK, gotcha. You gotcha. OK. Yeah.

13:44 - Glenn Renfro
So we're about to cover how the subgroups are going to be managed. But this is for the main group. And really, it's just for everybody to kind of pull in from no matter what subgroup you're in. Find out what everybody's working on. Do we need to add another subgroup? That way, we work as a unison team. So that, you know, if somebody wants to create a subgroup, everybody's like, thumbs up, let's go ahead and add them, go for it, have some fun. So I'll set that up for quarterly. I'll call this like May, our first quarterly. And then after that, you know, have one in August, something like that.

14:21 - Catalin Tudose
I'll go ahead and schedule that. Yeah. So for the regular things, I think quarterly meetings are fine, but maybe we would like to share something with the other ones. And here, I would like to tell you something because we discussed about interesting projects and about inviting other people from outside our JC's group. And I have some proposal because I'm involved in a project that is called Java Artificial Intelligence Generator. It was initiated by a colleague and friend of mine whose name is Vladimir Sonkin. He's not in the group. And we consider that it would be very good to make some presentation at some time.

15:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Absolutely.

15:08 - Catalin Tudose
When we can organize this, if you agree.

15:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Glenn says absolutely.

15:14 - Catalin Tudose
I think that we agree. How can we organize? We may discuss here or we may discuss offline to establish we have this meeting, yes, to provide you some demo of the work. I will, of course, invite Vladimir and I will discuss with him to find an appropriate time for everyone. This time would be fine, yes, we have to find this time on a Tuesday or on a Wednesday as we had before would be great, but we have to agree with the group?

15:53 - Glenn Renfro
I think just reach out to the group and say, for example, your co-worker would like to give a presentation. And what I can do is just pop it in. And then what we could do is you can even put on the general, I was about to say Slack, but the general Discord channel saying he would like to give a talk.

16:13 - Catalin Tudose
And then we can chat about it.

16:15 - Glenn Renfro
Because what I can do is I can just set up the meeting, set up the recording for it. And then people can hop on, watch it live or catch the recording. I think this is great. This is again, this is what it's all for. This is all about. How can we get stuff going?

16:35 - Mary Grygleski
This is great. So absolutely. Just a side note to on discord, you can actually also run live meetings because sort of like huddle, right?

16:44 - Glenn Renfro
Oh, true. On discord.

16:46 - Catalin Tudose
Yeah, on discord itself. Yeah.

16:48 - Catalin Tudose
Why cannot I join? So I can join on Discord from another laptop, but not from this one. I'm told.

16:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Connection problems.

16:59 - Glenn Renfro
Could be firewall on your side, maybe.

17:02 - Catalin Tudose
Ah, maybe I'm having a firewall. Yes, I activated the firewall today because I needed to go there.

17:11 - Glenn Renfro
Yes. Mary, can we record meetings off of Discord?

17:16 - prpatel
Hold on, just a second. It's a good idea to just host the meetings, what you're talking about on what we're talking about on Discord. But we may not necessarily want to do that because we may add a whole bunch of people into the Discord that don't necessarily want to be there for the long term, if that makes sense.

17:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

17:34 - Mary Grygleski
Well, I think maybe let's say there are some smaller things, right? We want to have a huddle. Some people just... Yeah, of course. We can kind of do it there, but something more formal. So to speak, right? Yeah. Yeah.

17:47 - prpatel
So but like, for example, if what Kathleen is proposing, there will be guests, people outside the JC AI group may not make sense to do that. But absolutely. For like a small huddle, or for that matter, even this meeting could be on the on the discord live meeting stuff.

18:06 - Mary Grygleski
Right. So yeah, that's right.

18:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:09 - Glenn Renfro
Can we record those meetings on Discord?

18:13 - Mary Grygleski
I think we can. I haven't done that, but I believe we can.

18:20 - Glenn Renfro
I can investigate, too, just to see.

18:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Please.

18:25 - Unidentified Speaker
That'd be awesome.

18:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, sure.

18:27 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

18:28 - NYJavaSIG
Glenn, do you have a link to the charter offhand?

18:34 - Glenn Renfro
Yes, I do. I'll put it in the stats.

18:39 - NYJavaSIG
Because I want to be sure that the meetings that we all have and we're talking about now, they all are, they conform to our charter, right?

18:48 - Glenn Renfro
Right, please, and add it if it isn't, and then we can just send out an amendment notice to folks to say we amended it with this clause. That way people can have a chance to look at it.

19:01 - NYJavaSIG
Right, like if a part of our charter is to disseminating information to the wider community. Okay, so how is our meetings contributing to that prime directive? Right.

19:11 - Glenn Renfro
And I think there's a, you know, in this case, I, you know, the, let's go back to this here. Yeah, this was, I was assuming was just for our group to consume so that they could share it. And then the like for the wider community really comes from the education group. Like this, what we're talking about here in this group right here is just the folks that are involved in this work group as a whole, and should be shared within this work group. But if we want, somebody produces an article that says, hey, I want to put this on like Fuji or this recording on to Fuji, then that would be a separate effort that would probably be pushed by the education group, subgroup.

19:57 - NYJavaSIG
Okay, thanks.

19:58 - Glenn Renfro
No, no, no, thank you for asking. I mean, this is stuff we're hammering out. This is all good. So going to the focus groups.

20:08 - Daniel Oh
Hey, I got a question Glenn. Yes, I'm going to chatter stuff. So I think we find a larger chatter right now. So did we decide where we post each other for new Java champions? Anyone who want to participate in rather than just Google Docs somewhere out there? So where should we post? Posted this chatter like a more publicly available, some other site like Guilipo or rather than just Google Doc.

20:38 - Glenn Renfro
You mean like what we're talking about here or?

20:42 - Daniel Oh
I mean, the chatter we, I think we finalized that chatter in the Google Doc. I think we discussed this kind of stuff a while ago. So once we finalized the chatter, in Google Docs, we're going to post it somewhere more publicly available.

21:03 - Daniel Oh
Oh, you mean like the chat?

21:06 - Glenn Renfro
Okay. Oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes.

21:09 - Glenn Renfro
We were going to do, you had suggested, put it on GitHub.

21:15 - Daniel Oh
Yeah, it's just an example. Any public space, we can post this chatter for any, like a JC, new JC, existing JC. They can looking at and they put their interest in subgroups and they are more than welcome to participate in anytime they want.

21:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

21:39 - NYJavaSIG
We may even want to publish the minutes in a meeting too. Yeah. Or just get a summary in AI summary.

21:51 - Glenn Renfro
That's what I was thinking.

21:56 - Glenn Renfro
Not notes, but could be notes. I actually provide the notes on the most part for it. Because they're kind of inaccurate.

22:17 - Daniel Oh
And then I think it'd be good if we could have just one slide to advertise this channel as a JC effort and group activity. Whenever we have some talk in the Fuji or any conference by JC, hey, so we got some ongoing effort. If you're interested in it, you are more than welcome to join because the Fuji stuff or anything else.

22:47 - NYJavaSIG
When the Fuji has a calendar, we can put our quarterly meetings on their calendar.

22:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that'd be great.

22:59 - NYJavaSIG
Once we have enough notes, we can get Notebook LM to create a podcast of our notes.

23:13 - Daniel Oh
Notebook LM is amazing. Okay.

23:15 - Glenn Renfro
Also, adding on information on contact information, there's like, hey, I would like to join because of blank, blank, blank. And then, you know, right now we're letting people do it. But it could be that somebody says, you know, didn't think about adding this one person. And it could be a jug leader, or sorry, a jug leader from somewhere else that says, hey, I would like to join. And we can certainly go in and add them here. So I will go ahead and start that. OK.

23:48 - Unidentified Speaker
It's coming week.

23:51 - Glenn Renfro
OK.

23:52 - Glenn Renfro
Let's go on to focus groups. So the focus groups, primarily what we're going to do here is that they're going to be self-organizing in the sense that we do have the Discord groups or channels set up. So the goal is that they can set up their first meeting, their kickoff meeting, they can create their charter for the subgroup, determine the cadence of the meetings, of course, do the magic that they're going to do. I can help facilitate the first meeting of that, of each of the subgroups. But I would encourage that they do have that first, at least, Zoom meeting or a virtual meeting, and go ahead and determine who will be the facilitator of that group. Who's going to own creating the charter? How do we want to determine what our meetings are? And then it just forms itself. Each group's going to have its own cadence. And I know this is kind loose but I was like really don't know how this is going to work and I think each group kind of figures it out then we maybe at the end of the quarter we say how did you organize your group how do you organize your group and see what you know kind of find some good cross-pollination between the groups does that sound okay there's a commentary questions yeah sounds good to me yeah so we probably share any kind of group too, in the some centralized shares.

25:37 - Daniel Oh
Absolutely. Of course, we have a separate channel in Discord, that would be great to share with that, but we eventually put it somewhere in a centralized report under this whole AI group stuff.

25:56 - Glenn Renfro
Makes sense. Let's see. We'll change that here. OK. What I can do for our groups is I'll reach out into each of the to score channels and say, I'll propose a time and see who's interested in, you know, see if we can get a coalition on what time works for that team. And from that, the team will kind of begin itself formation. Again, you know, the good news is, is that what critique has provided is with this channel here is this is a, place for at least an education group to produce and push their materials out. If the conference group is, it seems like that's more for, you know, how they want to help other people and share data between speakers. You know, again, they may want to produce material to put out onto the Fuji site as well. So these are the kind of things that we're looking at that how each group is going to be formed. Again, a facilitator needs to be created, adopted for each group. And this is not me doing it, it's somebody else other than me in that group. So that's just one thing I did think about. And that's kind of all I had for today was, you know, was there any issues or anything that we need to do before we kick off and go ahead kick off the subgroups. And I can go ahead is to score channels and see what we want to do.

27:57 - Daniel Oh
Yeah, looks great. So one thing I want to recommend, like a facilitator. So we probably have like a two or like a three facilitator. I mean, so you probably have some like trouble or vacation. So rather than just one person, like a two or three, like based on a geographically different region, it would be better to like coordinate your subgroups.

28:20 - Glenn Renfro
Agreed. Yeah, against it. Yeah.

28:22 - prpatel
I think that that's something that the people who are in that subgroup should, you know, should self organize, I think, but you know, that that's a good idea that we should kind of keep that in mind. So absolutely. And also for the whole group as well.

28:40 - Glenn Renfro
You know, if you're if you want to join me in this this foray, I do not mind. So if you want to help out in the whole group, please just reach out to me or reach out in the group, say, hey, I would like to be a facilitator with you. And we can certainly share that responsibility as well. Again, you know, I quit being hit by a bus, everyone. Even though I don't play the lottery, I've decided I'm going to win the lottery instead of getting hit by the bus. It has a little bit of a more positive tone.

29:13 - prpatel
There you go. Win the lottery. Winning the lottery.

29:16 - Glenn Renfro
So a friend gave me a ticket, it happened to be the winning ticket. So before we, I mean, today is going to be pretty short, but is there anything else anybody wants to talk about as far as the subgroups?

29:32 - Kenneth Kousen
Glenn, real quick.

29:34 - Catalin Tudose
Ken, please go ahead and I will wait. Go Ken, you're on.

29:38 - Kenneth Kousen
Okay, it'll only take a second. In case anybody's interested, I just posted a YouTube video this week on AI integration with Java. Nice. If you're interested, be my guest. Well, I've been doing that fairly regularly, but this one's brand new, and it's supposed to start a series because I've been working on Spring AI, online chain, and direct access, and all this stuff, and agent stuff. So if you're interested, there it is. If not, don't worry about it, but please feel free. That's all.

30:11 - Glenn Renfro
I will send out a notice or this document and I'll make sure it's shared to everybody. So I'll go ahead and send this out afterward so that everybody has access to all this information. Trying to think what else there was. I think that's it. So Yes.

30:36 - Catalin Tudose
So I will drop a message in Discord about our ad hoc meetings with a clear proposal. Yes, please. We have a project on which Vladimir is the technical team leader and I act as a director and evangelist and we would like to say this. And one more thing, because in the company that I work for, Locksoft, as a Java chapter leader, I am organizing some monthly meetings with speakers. I have already had from here invited as Mary, she was there more than one year ago. Vlad will be our next invitee. I would like to ask you and of course I can ask on Discord if anyone would be interested to be our next or some pretty soon invitee. I can ask of course on Discord but if you would like to say yes now please say and I will contact you.

31:32 - prpatel
Yeah, I'd like to be invited. So, yeah.

31:35 - Catalin Tudose
Who's Ken?

31:36 - Catalin Tudose
No, Pratik.

31:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

31:37 - Kenneth Kousen
But I also would be willing to do it. Okay, I will directly contact you.

31:42 - Catalin Tudose
The next slot is on July. Vlad is here. He's on June. So anyway, I will write on Discord just because we are here. Thank you. And I will get back to you. It can be topics about Java and AI or something else, but we may discuss. Thank you.

32:00 - Unidentified Speaker
I got a bonus text for everything.

32:03 - prpatel
Talk to y'all later. Y'all have a good one.

32:06 - Glenn Renfro
I'll send this link out, notes, all the good stuff. I'll get those out this evening. Take care.
